Add feature of opening a modal when ProductImages is clicked (#794)
vtex-apps/store-components: docs/ProductImages.md

| `thumbnailMaxHeight`             | `number`                                   | The max height for the thumbnail image | `true`          |
| `thumbnailsOrientation`   | `Enum`    | Choose the orientation of the thumbnails. Can be set to `vertical` or `horizontal`                                 | `vertical`    | 
| `zoomFactor` | `number` | Sets how much the zoom increases the image size (e.g. `2` will make the zoomed-in image twice as large) | 2 |
| `zoomMode` | `disabled\|in-place-click\|in-place-hover\|open-modal` | Sets the zoom behavior. | `in-place-click` |
| `ModalZoom` | `vtex.modal-layout:modal-layout` | The `modal-layout` block that will open when you click in the image and `zoomMode` is `open-modal` | `undefined` |
| `contentType`   | `'all'` &#124; `'images'` &#124; `'videos'`   | Controls the type of content that will be displayed.                               | `'all'`    | 

### `product-images.high-quality-image` block

> This block is meant to be used when you want that the zoom action open a modal with the current image of the `product-images` in it. In order to use you just have to put it inside the block that you will pass in the prop `ModalZoom` of the `product-images`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we teach you how to use modal zoom, a property for when you want to open a popup containing the product image for zooming. To use this feature, configure your `product-images` block using the `zoomMode` and `ModalZoom` props with `open-modal` and `modal-layout` set as its values, respectively.

Once both props are correctly configured, declare the `modal-layout` block, responsible for triggering the image in a popup, and the `product-images.high-quality-image` block as its child.

The `product-images.high-quality-image` block is a *special* block, only meant to render a popup containing the `product-image` block's image for zooming. 

Check the following example:
```

| `video` |
| `video`|
| `videoContainer` |
| `imgZoom` |

> | `highQualityContainer` |

Reviewer 2: The CSS Handles table should follow the alphabetical order.
